#README

Simple project to demonstrate profficiency in OOP python.


##About

- The following project is a submission for Project 1 of the 
  Full Stack Developer Nanodegree.
- There are 3 modules included:
	-fresh_tomatoes  * this python file was provided, although modified slightly
	-media           * this python file contains the classes defined for the project
	-media_centre    * this python file contains the calss instances as well as the 


##How To Use

- Ensure that Python is installed on the machine running these modules. (2.7 or later) 
- Make sure that the 3 python files are located in the same folder
- Run the python module named media_centre, which should launch the 
  'Fresh Tomatoes' website. 
- Make sure there is an internet connection, as only the urls for 
  the images and youtube trailers are in the code, not the actual images
  or videos. Also make sure a browser is available to launch website that 
  is generated by the 'fresh_tomatoes' module. 
- How to set up using the command line: 
	```
    import os
	os.chdir(r'directory_where_you_have_put_modules')
	import fresh_tomatoes
	import media_center
	media_center.fresh_tomatoes.open_movies_page(movie_list)
	```


##Project Explanation

There are parent and child classes, so the 
webpage shows additional information, and TV Series in addition to Movies. 
Additionally, to show my amazing CSS skills, I changed to background colour to some 
sort of light red. Be amazed!

##License

So, I don't really care about trying to own information. Do what you like with this 
or anything else. I don't pretend to own information, just because current laws say that I can. 
ie 'The crime isn't knowing your bank pin, its the stealing of your money'. I get this, and 
hopefully very soon many other people will too. 


##Add Later

-FAQ
-Table of Contents
